c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Pics\pic_001.png
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\HeaderControls_Window.baml
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Panels_Window.baml
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\HeaderControls_Window.g.cs
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Panels_Window.g.cs
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_Content.g.cs
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucPerson.baml
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucPerson.g.cs
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\TestUserControl_Window.g.cs
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\matthieu.tachot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\TestUserControl_Window.baml
